docs(IEC): fix docs issues (#1017)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/resources/fw_firewall_group_v2.md

The following arguments are supported:

> * `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to obtain the v2 networking client.
>   A networking client is needed to create a firewall group. If omitted, the
>   `region` argument of the provider is used. Changing this creates a new
>   firewall group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new resource.
```

* `ingress_policy_id` - (Optional, String) The ingress policy resource id for the firewall group. Changing
  this updates the `ingress_policy_id` of an existing firewall group.

* `egress_policy_id` - (Optional, String) The egress policy resource id for the firewall group. Changing
  this updates the `egress_policy_id` of an existing firewall group.

* `name` - (Optional, String) A name for the firewall group. Changing this
  updates the `name` of an existing firewall group.

* `description` - (Optional, String) A description for the firewall group. Changing this
  updates the `description` of an existing firewall group.

> * `ports` - (Optional, List) Port(s) to associate this firewall group instance
>   with. Must be a list of strings. Changing this updates the associated routers
>   of an existing firewall group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ports` - (Optional, List) The ports associated with this firewall group instance.
  Must be a list of strings. Changing this updates the associated routers of an existing firewall group.
```
